what have you stayed warmly
welcome here via tv to one
another part of the ports two minutes today
did you want to know what mine mean
most embarrassing real life moments were
and yes, I 'm definitely good at that
we are not just about everything
speak although he naturally as the
But the main topic is always one
wants eick I want a course
tell a little something and I have to say
where I've got my head shattered over
my over with embarrassing moments in the
So there was always something there
which was a bit embarrassing
but really super super mega super
Part I was actually so in
lately i have nothing
Although two things have limited the
I have come to think of it so they are
yes one more of my daredevils
from my angered time and the other
when the new theater-ag was
I start the two minutes and then
So I'm going to start the first stories
People I was really in the theater-ag
So I learned so many pieces by heart
We always agreed
role sticks the right group so it
was not an ag in the school that
he really is such a club a theater case
and i have peter pan in a roll
So I played the real ones
get in the lead and i have peter
played pan and that was the same
my first role at all
played
So I played a bit
talked about you doing that
you well that was really a
stage in front of the audience and the cards at
quite what tasted
and of course very little but it
has really really fun
Made with the people together
play
and yes, and then it was peter panter
rich in the main role
and then came my part and me
had to and that was such a play
I also had to sing at the beginning
to see and I start to sing and
I start the first stanza and then
the refrain and then the second stanza
and I did not remember what they were singing
should be cit or do you stand on this
stage and taught
not on and the music keeps going and
then I waited until I waited
this stanza was over and then came
the next one and I just got back then
the format of healthy my god and as
It was over and I was back
and not true
I was backstage again
I was really shocked I was
really good and I was right
speechless and unfortunately something to me too
helpless in the speed I measured was real
I would think since I was twelve years old
or so but that was already right
moment where my heart something like that
first in my life or at least that way
where I can remember
that stopped me and yes
the two minutes are actually now
but again I do not care
now anyway and the second story
Get rid of my angered time and time
Although people think most of them
you are now in the age should be
check the women and so on and yes
we were on the beach we were on the beach
in poland that was really awesome
Men's vacation we did that was
now a few years ago and more beautiful
Swam second and watched where the
kickers are and so on and japan a
played few girls volleyball and how
is always like that is swimming
somehow because then you speak the
and then you never look at it
together until the first time you
volleyball or water polo or us
convinced and yes I forgot his
pals take care of me now
Of course the girls and yes I just beautiful
here is a posed upper body and
then I really went underground
urgently the direction of sue girls
dived and that was a right one
stormy winds windy windy
summertime where there were also many waves
and I dive before a run but
somehow not quite so and then
comes exactly a wave and as I do so
when you start diving
then the silver height start came in my
band and i really know
salt water like a wave has swallowed
and this with private and I puke
could almost be one again
advertising informative matter over in any case
I'll never have those girls again
but did not address the beach names
have seen and in any case I do
I am leaving there as soon as possible
abyss my congress has become mega
the bell rang and yes the collector already
a bit embarrassing but definitely
water around mega mega funny so one
beat out of childhood in this
theater group and then this share
Will that be you on everyone again
construction despite two minutes writes the
comments what you want to know and
People I took my time
until next time ciao